---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - BioJS - GSoC   
subtitle: You can see Week 10's progress now.
tags: [biojs, Yeoman-generator, generator-biojs-webcomponents , GSoC, "Summer of Code"]
---

## Recap
In Week 9, I again worked on bio-pv to have a nice example of a web component. I also worked on a new component - [BioJS Homology tool](https://github.com/Nikhil-Vats/BioJS-Homology-tool) to understand the process of making new components and see if there is any scope of improvements. I finished this component. I also fixed a bug due to which CSS was not added to visualisation and added unit tests for it. Lastly, I started working on a new feature that Sarthak suggested which will let users to run the generator with arguments which will be the path of the project directory.

## This week's progress
In week 10, I completed the feature of running generator with arguments. This will let user to run the command `yo @biojs/biojs-webcomponents /path/to/directory` and the generator will create the project in the directory whose path is specified in argument.

In the previous week, Sarthak suggested some major changes in the overwrite/rename build directory PR, so I worked on that and completed it. These changes made the whole workflow simpler and faster. After that I realised that the feature of running generator with arguments can be improved a lot. For example - The directory mentioned in arguments was created by the generator and if it already existed, it showed an error. I fixed it so that if the directory doesn't exist, only then the generator will make a new one along with several other minor improvements.

I then updated the documentation for both of these new features and added unit tests for the features. I also updated my previous PRs to do some minor improvements in the features.

## Tasks completed in week 10
    1. Add feature to run generator with argument containing path to project directory.
    2. Add feature to overwrite/rename the build directory if it already exists.
    3. Update the documentation.
    4. Add tests for the new features.

## Minutes of the meeting (weekly call on Friday, this time):
    1. I listed out all the tasks left so that we can prioritise the important ones and work on them.
    2. We decided that I will work on adding dev docs, improving demo pages and start making a new blog for all the new web components that I made/upgraded.
    3. We decided that we will wrap up after we have a MVP as soon as possible so that we can publicize the generator, get feedback and improve it accordingly.
    4. We decided that I should also work on complex viewer and make its directory structure same as its original repository.

## Goals for week 11
    1. Improve the demo pages.
    2. Add developer docs.
    3. Work on complex viewer.
    4. Start working on the blog for the newly upgraded components.

## Code
The code can be found in the PRs which I sent to the [main repository](https://github.com/biojs/generator-biojs-webcomponents/).
---